CDS-73133-limitation for service overrides on multi env set up (#2463)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/environments/service-overrides.md

This topic explains what service settings can be overridden by environments.

## Limitations

> * Runtime inputs are not supported if you are trying to override services in a multi service and multi environment set up.

Author: ```suggestion
* Runtime inputs are not supported if you are trying to override services in multi-service and multi-environment set ups.
```
